(Technician Hitomi)
From many shops
Thank you very much for choosing our store
But our service
Is a very noble service
Customers
fulfilled
I will run into my breasts
Enjoy it
(Quick juggling with nipples)
(Big breast clip shot)
(Pupil)
(Standard plan)
(Without hands, chest shot)
Then let's start
First talk, relax
Ok
I'm going to use that push oil today
Ok it's up to you
excuse me
it has started
How is it comfortable?
Is it okay like this?
We started
Good to you
Comfortable?
Very sensitive, right?
Help him get it again
Hurry up
It looks bad
Will it be more comfortable? in this way
Like this
Okay, I know
So comfortable
It's so nice
Add some oil
Is there anything uncomfortable?
All is good
Um, like this
This side?
Great
Do you feel it?
Then?
a little
I take off my clothes
excuse me
Like this
Is it okay like this?
Massage with my chest
Ok
Then start
how about it? Is this okay?
Very comfortable
Great, like this
Do you like it this way?
excuse me
It's so good
Just want to get it again
So comfortable
Start from the lower body
A little bit
Can you add some oil?
Is it hard?
Get a good look here
Relax
excuse me
great
Let's do it directly
Now ready
Great, like this
great
Is this comfortable?
This is great
Move your waist a little bit
Okay, like this?
So rude
Like this
how to say?
So comfortable
Nipples and lower body are tough
Do you want to help you with your mouth?
It's so good
Comfortable?
how about it?
This is very comfortable, this way
Ready to start
Is it like this?
Very comfortable
Is it comfortable?
Great, like this
This is great
Is it like this?
See you so comfortable
I'm also very happy
Next from here
Start massaging your lower body from here
Use me this place
Come massage
Add a little oil
Come here
great
excuse me
Seems to be here
Comfortable?
Amazing
one more time
Plug it in
It's so comfortable
Like this
So good and comfortable
Use my chest again
So comfortable like this
Come out
I can't help it
Can't help it
Just be patient
How is this
Is it comfortable?
Here come a little
A bit bad
come on
Is it okay?
Enjoy yourself
Going to
bring it on
Great, this way
My boobs
Same as small hole
Very comfortable, like this
Then more
More advanced massage
When standing up
(Standing massage)
Can stimulate more different places
(Detailed display of standing massage)
Just start like this
If there is something uncomfortable tell me
great
Can you stand up
so comfy
Looks painful
It would be rude
Embarrassed, like this
Is it embarrassing?
It doesn't matter
bring it on
Come slowly
This is great
Is it comfortable?
Here is here
This side
Come here to get it
The guests
Does that matter? Won't it work?
Shake your waist
Great, like this
great
There is a little bit here
Like this
Yes, get it like this
Isn’t it so comfortable?
Looks good
The guests
Treat my chest as a hole
Injection is also possible
So comfortable
great
Like this
A lot came out
great
Haven't you tried something like this?
You are so comfortable
Peacetime oil and the like
Can be used to push oil, hands-free
Please look forward to a special massage
I started
excuse me
how is it?
Started to come in
Is it comfortable? in this way
Get bigger
Ran out of the chest
Not only use your chest to help you
Let me go next to you
how
So hard
Look like you
Is it so comfortable?
Become bigger
I want it too
The guests
Do you want to lick your nipples?
I was rude.
Sorry
Amazing
Great, like this
A little more oil
That way
Use my little hole
Come massage
excuse me
Can this be done?
I just climaxed just now
The guests
Come and enjoy
Start coming
Let's take a look
So comfortable
Let's get it here
Going to
So comfortable
It’s amazing, it’s amazing
Get it
Let's shoot inside
Get more
Gonna go
Great, like this
That’s great
Let's take a look
Guests, just sit back and enjoy
(Sit back and relax)
Let's get it
Is it comfortable here?
Is it comfortable? in this way
Very comfortable
Amazing
great
Going to
Made a lot
great
(Unlimited ejaculation welfare extreme happiness)
The guests
This time the massage is unlimited ejaculation
Shoot whenever you want
Lie down here
Thank you!
Come here
Come on rude
Is it like this?
Very comfortable
Is that comfortable?
Come here to get some
I'm going to shoot
Amazing
To get something like this
So good
Can you get more?
Come here to get it
How about coming? Is this okay?
So comfortable
Much bigger
It’s okay like this
great
Sticky
I have accumulated a lot
Not enough
Clean it up
Can you add some oil?
Relax slowly
Come on, like this
So comfortable
great
It looks so good
Is this great
Would you like to try nipples?
Is it like this?
So comfortable
Is it very comfortable?
Amazing
Plug me
Look like this
Your meat stick
Is there still a lot?
If you do it like this
great
Guest meat stick
So comfortable
about there
Massage with my little hole
Do you want to?
Massage with my lower body
Give it a try
Finally got in
How about guests?
Are you comfortable? in this way
great
So comfortable
Going to
So comfortable, like this
Come here and touch it
But come on like this
So comfortable
great
This is great
Going to go
Going to
So super comfortable
Amazing
So comfortable
So tight
Amazing
So comfortable
Orgasm
Right
Is it okay to look like this?
great
There are a lot of guests
How is it comfortable?
Please
Please come and visit our shop again
I will wait for you
(End)